Welcome to the season before we look
always after possibility new
play experience in an exciting way and
wise to improve
This year we will make changes
The aim of the supporter role
to develop further
to refine the role of the collector and
to improve the general game flow
we need your feedback about this
play in the season 2014 even further
improve
We believe that all champions are over
playing an important role in the game
should
Most roles and positions are
already extremely successful
but there are always some behind
Both supporters and collectors are close by
his
Let's start with the supporters
destroying enemy nexus is
not cheap to win the view war
was mostly at the expense of the supporter
which were not able to
to buy other items
we are making changes around you
Other strategic options too
Provide and take responsibility for the
view of the entire team
you will have a series of new views
find objects
These are free and have theirs
own subject space and each
this jewelry has a different one
use as the reveal and
disabling eyes from playing
remote areas or the laying of
free eyes because they are free
Everyone can easily see
participate in the game
every player can only have one
certain amount of eyes at the same time
Distribute time on the map
we want to encourage players to do so
careful decisions at the
distribution of eyes to hit and that
grant yourself to a true team
to make a goal
in addition we help the
purses the supporter in which we
other sources of income
championships and items for you
create
various support items grant now
additional gold which supporter to
better end of the game
We also match the experience
and facilitate at higher levels
the climb this you should learn more
give freedom to their lengths
leave
and still be able to
wanted to keep up with their teams last
We give support to the feeling important
to fight in a team
in order to make this possible we have support
Scaling introduced the
usefulness of their skills with theirs
ability to scale strongly improves
and impairments are over the
play effectively what suits them
allows a similar increase in power too
feel like the others roll collectors
were in the third season with one
airport-heavy playing style very
successful but at carey sang lan the
is launching more to the damage
we could conclude that
There was the same need for improvement
as with the supporters we have on
each side another camp
added something new to the jungle
phase opened
we add that more new items
towards dealing with more
to give customization options
to make sure the anglers are on
the same level as their teams
have neutral monsters and grades the
with the average level of all
scale the champion, giving you more
experience and gold if you
rising up
by the income and the
experience should increase collectors
further possibilities have to gold
to earn
these changes will be yours
give the opportunity to play as you do
want
So far we have changed
dedicated to certain roles
aim
but we also want the general
Improve game flow
next to adding a new camp
we have some landscape architecture
operated and the size and shape of
budget adjusted
These changes are meant to be messy
when distributing eyes eliminate and
solve problems with the fog of war
around the snowball effect by the early
destroying targets to reduce
let's adjust the profit for the destroy
from outer towers
for this to pay the involved
champions is and a smaller effect
on the other lanes has
moreover, that will destroy
no longer inhibits all vasals
reinforce but only in the
appropriate lane
This should be an inhibitor
have lost the opportunity to one
Give comeback
instead of constantly defending all lanes too
must ultimately be the gold and
Scale the experience of the kite
and better over the game
give rewards
The goal is the kites in the
later game play to a hot one
to make a fierce target
We think that the game is with everyone
addressed changes dynamic
will expire as before
And this is just the tip of the iceberg
To learn more about the lectures changes
to experience
look at the rest of the content
lecture and keep an eye out for
further updates